Add barcode scanner document (#72)
salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit: docs/BarcodeScanner.md

# Barcode Scanner

> [The barcode scanner starter kit example](../force-app/main/default/lwc/scanBarcodeLookUp/) lets user to scan a barcode from a global quick action from the landing page. Upon scanning the barcode e.g `EAN-13` is returned from the scanner, it does a GraphQL query to search the `Product` records with matching barcode value, and displays the record on the screen. Also, note that records prefetched in the briefcase can be searched offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The barcode scanner starter kit example](../force-app/main/default/lwc/scanBarcodeLookUp/) provides an LWC triggered from a global quick action on the landing page, for a user to scan a barcode and do a record lookup based on its value. Upon scanning the barcode of a supported type, the component does a GraphQL query on the returned value, to search the `Product` records with a matching barcode value, and displays the associated record to the user.

Note that records prefetched in the briefcase can be searched while the device is offline.
```

# How to Configure

1. [Configure your Offline Briefcase](../README.md#define-an-offline-briefcase) with the `Product` sObject.

> 2. Deploy the `viewProduct2Record` LWC and quick action, as well as the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Deploy the `viewProduct2Record` LWC and `Product2.view.quickAction-meta` quick action, as well as the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC
```

> 2. Deploy the `viewProduct2Record` LWC and `Product2.view.quickAction-meta` quick action, as well as the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy the [`scanBarcodeLookUp`](../force-app/main/default/lwc/scanBarcodeLookUp) LWC, the [`viewProduct2Record`](../force-app/main/default/lwc/viewProduct2Record) LWC, and the [`Product2 view`](../force-app/main/default/quickActions/Product2.view.quickAction-meta.xml) quick action to your org.
```

3. There are two options that you can use to add the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC as a global quick action:

>     - Go to Setup, select Global Actions and create the new Action with the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Go to Setup, select Global Actions and create a new Global Action with the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC.
```

>     - Alternatively, you can deploy the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC as a quick action by creating a new file within the `quickActions` folder that includes the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Alternatively, you can deploy the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC as a quick action from your local Starter Kit project, by creating a new file within the `quickActions` folder that includes the following:
```

> ```xml

Reviewer: Intent this whole code block 8 spaces (everything between the hash marks, inclusive), and that will put the code block inline in the bullet point that's describing it.

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<QuickAction xmlns="http://soap.sforce.com/2006/04/metadata">
    <actionSubtype>ScreenAction</actionSubtype>
    <label>Barcode Lookup</label>
    <lightningWebComponent>scanBarcodeLookUp</lightningWebComponent>
    <optionsCreateFeedItem>false</optionsCreateFeedItem>
    <type>LightningWebComponent</type>
</QuickAction>
```

4. Add the global action to publisher layout. 

>   ![Add LWC Quick Actions to Mobile Layouts](../images/LWCQuickActionsPublisherLayouts.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Add LWC Quick Actions to Mobile Layouts](../images/LWCQuickActionsPublisherLayouts.png)
```

> 5. In Setup, enter Static Resources in quick find and select Static Resources under Custom Code. Update the landing page json file by adding a global action in the actionList block and upload it.

Reviewer: > Update the landing page json file by adding a global action in the actionList block and upload it.

The part about updating the landing page JSON is going to need to be spelled out more explicitly, and with greater detail—and it's going to be challenging because a) all landing page JSON files are implicitly unwieldy to hand edit, and b) some of the landing page JSON files (e.g. the "default" version) don't even have the `actionList` global action section in them.

I'll see if I can put together more comprehensive instructions for this.

```json
{
    "definition": "mcfp/actionItem",
    "name": "global_action",
    "label": "Scan barcode lookup",
    "properties": {
        "apiName": "Global.Barcode_Lookup"
    },
    "regions": {
    
    }
}
```

6. After setting up the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC, it can now be used as a Global Quick Action within the landing page. 

>   ![Barcode Scanner Lookup Quick Action](../images/LandingPageBarcodeScannerLookupQuickAction.png)

Reviewer 2: This image is way too big. Could you create a smaller version with the same size of "images/LandingPage.png"?

7. Clicking on the Barcode Lookup Global Quick Action, you will be expecting to see a screen with a Scan Barcode button.

> **Note**

> > All the records must be prefetched in the birefcase to be able to use the Quick Action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Only the prefetched records in briefcase can be searched when using this quick action in offline.
```

8. Click the Scan Barcode button and you will expect to see the camera preview. 

> 9. Use the camera to scan an EAN-13 barcode, and upon scanning the barcode, you should expect to see the `Product` record. If the product isn’t found, then an error screen will be displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Use the camera to scan an EAN-13 barcode. Upon scanning the barcode, you should expect to see the `Product` record which has the `ProductCode` value equal to the barcode. If no product is found, an error screen is displayed.
```

# Barcode Scanner

[The barcode scanner starter kit example](../force-app/main/default/lwc/scanBarcodeLookUp/) provides an LWC triggered from a global quick action on the landing page, for a user to scan a barcode and do a record lookup based on its value. Upon scanning the barcode of a supported type, the component does a GraphQL query on the returned value, to search the `Product` records with a matching barcode value, and displays the associated record to the user.

Note that records prefetched in the briefcase can be searched while the device is offline.

> # How to Configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure Barcode Scanner
```

1. [Configure your Offline Briefcase](../README.md#define-an-offline-briefcase) with the `Product` sObject.
2. Deploy the [`scanBarcodeLookUp`](../force-app/main/default/lwc/scanBarcodeLookUp) LWC, the [`viewProduct2Record`](../force-app/main/default/lwc/viewProduct2Record) LWC, and the [`Product2 view`](../force-app/main/default/quickActions/Product2.view.quickAction-meta.xml) quick action to your org.
3. There are two options for setting up the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC as a global quick action:
    - Go to Setup, select Global Actions and create a new Global Action with the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC. See [Create Global Quick Actions](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.creating_global_actions.htm&type=5) for more information on how to create LWC global quick actions from Setup.

>     - Alternatively, you can deploy the `scanBarcodeLookUp` LWC as a quick action from your local Starter Kit project, by creating a new file within the `force-app/main/default/quickActions` folder that includes the following:

Reviewer: Coming back to this one, it occurs to me: is this quick action definition basically just _missing_ from the Starter Kit today? I.e. given the audience for the Starter Kit, should we just add the QA for `scanBarcodeLookup`, to the project?

Reviewer 2: Agree, it is good idea to add the QA to the starter kit. It gives an example for global quick action.
